add some documentation and fix the load balancer naming (#166)
digitalocean/digitalocean-cloud-controller-manager: docs/controllers/services/annotations.md

Specifies which stick session type the loadbalancer should use. Options are `none` or `cookies`.

### service.beta.kubernetes.io/do-loadbalancer-sticky-sessions-cookie-name

> Specfies what cookie name to use for the DO loadbalancer sticky session. This annotation is required if `service.beta.kubernetes.io/do-loadbalancer-sticky-sessions-type` is set to `cookies`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Specifies what cookie name to use for the DO load balancer sticky session. This annotation is required if `service.beta.kubernetes.io/do-loadbalancer-sticky-sessions-type` is set to `cookies`.
```

### service.beta.kubernetes.io/do-loadbalancer-sticky-sessions-cookie-ttl

> Specifies the TTL of cookies used for loadbalancer sticky sessions. This annotation is required if `service.beta.kubernetes.io/do-loadbalancer-sticky-sessions-type` is set.

Reviewer: Would you mind appending

```
to `cookies`
```

to the last sentence in order to be consistent with your added paragraph above?

Author: @timoreimann I am not sure I understand this comment.

Author: Oh nvm I got it
